so Heather how do braids help with hair
growth by protecting the hair from
breakage and giving you a break from
handling like combing and styling your
brains let your head get on with the
business of growing but braiding has
some permisos that you should take into
account of I some precautions one don't
do micro braids micro braids are tiny
thin braids and they put a lot of weight
on one tiny section of hair thereby
making it much more vulnerable to
breakage that's one - just before you go
into braids it's best to make sure that
your hair is in tip-top condition so
make sure you just had a deep condition
and prior to braiding I always find it
useful to have a very light blow-dry on
a low heat setting so the person who's
doing my hair doesn't have trouble going
through my hand next you should always
detangle your hair well before you go to
see a stylist so after I deep condition
I was conditioned my own half prefer as
fine as doesn't rush through that
process I will detangle it and I will
detangle it and I will detangle it I
want my hair to be as easy to manage as
possible before I go to see the stylist
next protect your edges edges are the
most vulnerable and I prefer to have
cornrows or around the edges and then
just break the rest of the hair it might
not work with the style that you're
going with but just make sure they're
protected for example by making sure
that the section of hair take for the
braid is not like a tiny section with a
large braid so be careful about that
when you take out right can you just go
into a new set no you should ideally
have a two week break between braids to
give your hair a rest and to help it
strengthen and recover and to assess
what condition your hair is in so when
you take out rates do a good I usually
hot oil treatment before I take the
braids out
and I've got a video on that right here
on his chest and I will take the brains
out very carefully very gently and I'll
have a gap just have a gap those are my
top tips on braiding his crank because
it's our last video but he's not really
crying because he's too cold hearted to
cry right
he for some reason he doesn't think
about something you only he doesn't
think it's an attractive thing for a
wife to see a husband cry and I'm like
no I'm your wife you should be able to
open up to me and yeah I have more tips
on raiding hair and lots of other things
in general in my free ebook and the link
is right below this video for you to
download